DI is a technique for achiving loose coupling between objects and thier collaborators, or dependencies.

Scenario 1:

In an organization employees do travel. Genarally they travel by air, and the procedure would follow these step.
1. Decide destination.
2. Call airline agency and book flight ticket by giving necessary information.
3. Call up the cab agency to be able to catch a particular flight from say your residence.
4. Pick up the ticket, catch the cab and be on your way.

Now t=if the company suddenly changed the preferred agency and thier contact mechanism, then all the employees should relearn 
1. New agency and their contact mechanism.
2. The typical converzation sequence through which the necessary bookings get done (Data instead of voice).


Scenario 2:

Now lets say the protocol is a little bit different. 
You have an administration department. 
Whenever you needed to travel an administration 
department interactive telephony system simply calls you up 
(which in turn is hooked up to the agencies). 
Over the phone you simply state the destination, desired arrival date and 
time by responding to a programmed set of questions. 
The flight reservations are made for you, 
the cab gets scheduled for the appropriate time, and 
the tickets get delivered to you.

Now if the preferred agencies were changed, 
the administration department would become aware of a change, 
would perhaps readjust its workflow to be able to communicate with the agencies. 
The interactive telephony system could be reprogrammed to communicate with the agencies over the internet. 
However you and your colleagues would have no relearning required. 
You still continue to follow exactly the same protocol as earlier 
(since the administration department did all the necessary adaptation in a manner that you do not need to do anything differently).


In both the scenarios, you are the client and you are dependent upon the services provided by the agencies. However Scenario 2 has a few differences.

>You don't need to know the contact numbers / contact points of the agencies – the administration department calls you when necessary.
>You don't need to know the exact conversational sequence by which they conduct their activities (Voice / Data etc.) 
(though you are aware of a particular standardized conversational sequence with the administration department)
>The services you are dependent upon are provided to you in a manner that you do not need to readjust should the service providers change.
>Thats dependency injection in “real life”. 
This may not seem like a lot since you imagine a cost to yourself as a single person – 
but if you imagine a large organization the savings are likely to be substantial


refer the following link for high level overview of Dependency Injection(DI).
>http://www.theserverside.com/news/1321158/A-beginners-guide-to-Dependency-Injection
